what's up y'all back franchise played
this is the coach Chicago Bears
connected careers yeah we spacing them
out with spaced out quite a bit but not
quite as much as it was before so you
can look forward to see knees a little
bit more regularly you see we get the
pink wristbands own and everything this
is week five against the Jacksonville
Jaguars and the pink wristbands are in
honor of and in support of breast cancer
awareness so they did this in the rear
NFL I'm loving that they doing this in
actual or madness pretty cool alrighty
third and nine Chad Henne in the shotgun
and back looking looking he is sacked by
Israel of Donna J Julius Peppers falls
on a fumble recovery we are in business
cinge a cull out there you see Cutler's
numbers not all that beautiful four
touchdowns four interceptions taking
over the ball on our own 39 cutler back
that time to throw going over the middle
gets out Shaun Geoffrey now it's not a
first down but this is a jacksonville
jaguars and you know what i say it in a
territory i'm going for it Matt Forte
look at all that room cut down at about
the 15 yard line he's very happy
standing up with hook who tripped me yup
boy yeah that's dirty don't you touch me
after I get a first down that sets up
first-and-goal Matt Forte off the left
side in for a touchdown bears are
leading seven and nothing at this point
now y'all know jay cutler don't hardly
ever smile but he smilingly i got his
hands up and everything Jay Cutler's an
angular dude just all the time but you
know he's a my is my quarterback my
quarterback so I'm was still supportable
penny back look in the past no no Chad
no Chad intercepted by Kelvin hatin and
he's gonna take this to the house for
the touchdown this is Jacksonville and
gets me on the road real life the Bears
beat the whole devil out of the
Jacksonville Jaguars in this game and we
doing all right right now 14 to nothing
but what I'm not doing is I'm not really
accounting for mjd enough right over the
middle he was so wide opening lately
since at all that's his fourth catch a
game pulls it into our territory all
they can get was a field goal attempt
out of it trying to get on the board you
know time's running down in the first
half is a minute 20 seconds remaining
and here comes the attempt at some point
on sunday it's gonna happen I promise it
is here it is hike it snap it call it
pushing thought thought between your
legs throw it backwards they trying to
run the clock down what an idiot what's
not really an idiot but he was getting
on my nerves all of that and the fool
mr. Wyatt right dummy wide right that
senses in the overtime I mean in
overtime not over time half time you
know what I managed to some kind of time
wasn't over with it was half the Bears
are leading 14 to nothing at the half
opening kickoff Devin Hester from inside
of his end zone Devin Hester is having a
bit look at devon has to line up and
down the sidelines he's leaving people
out of the camera shot you understand me
you running so fast the people came in
be in the camera shot with you that's
what I'm talking about look at this
replay this is so beautiful this is this
is so beautiful don't you agree look at
this today outside looking oh my god
space I'm just putting distance between
running people out of the camera shot
you feel me running them out of the
camera shot devon has two returns the
kickoff to start the second half for a
touchdown made it 21 and nothing but now
my god did I you remember me talking
about Craig steps Craig steps is
something is wrong with his feet he is
freaking slow I'm trying to tell you I
he couldn't get back though here's the
ensuing kickoff Eric wings Eric Weems
Eric Weems go Eric get busy go Eric get
busy he's gone he takes it back gets the
Bears were you right back on the board
throw it over your shoulder like salt 28
as lead get that score right back Chad
Henne woohee blitz that one in there
that do get hit pretty good i think that
was on they was just in black man got
his face rearranged after that over the
middle look at this nice pass up here
the West inside this goes down to about
the 29 yard line Chad Henne really
didn't have your bad day look seventy
percent completion percentage that's
pretty high hands it off the mjd and
aylin told you look at this now watch
this we hit this dude til people
sandwich Tim like peanut butter and
jelly you understand me and he got up
like hey that ain't nothing and you know
I get Vaseline on my shoulder pads
people just slide off for me look at
this hit Brandon Hardin and made you
write hit him he has the balance of a
cat it's ridiculous that I thought that
he should have been down anyway 28 to 14
Cutlass scrambling to his right gets
stuck in the matrix or something here
you know what's going on when he eight
footballs today the pastor Alshon
Jeffery he gets the first down takes it
down to the Jaguar 30 years three
catches for him looking for oh did you
see that Juke did you see that Jew he
just planted my dude there in the grass
man like look here and he's throw his
hands down like I don't know what I
ain't never seen that for Te'o anybody
else doing things like that I'm not sure
what that was but it ended up it was a
touchdown so that we happy about it matt
forte is if you haven't noticed matt
forte is having a look at this joke
plant you oh he made him look like a
complete though i'm trying to tell you
inside the int matt forte's happen today
he's an today is 35 to 14 at this point
chad henne is back again he's got time
to throw but no Craig still he heard me
talking about him that's what it would
he heard me talking about him he ends up
getting interception I only showed that
because he sucks all the other time so
we need do something when he done
something positive you gotta do that to
kids you know they always messing up and
they do something good tell him about it
make a video or something you know Forte
with the good run there up the right
side that's 97 yards on 13 rushes at
that point and yes he did get the
hundred yards two touchdowns at that
point 22 minutes remaining in the fourth
quarter we get this one there's 35 to 14
but um we feeling like we are to uh you
don't try to get the numbers up a little
bit better you know because you play to
win the Super Bowl but I also want some
people in the leaders or something I
pass the ball get Brandon heart in the
hit they look too hard he's not gonna be
happy with that under a minute left 14
runs in his third rushing touchdown of
the game man he's having a death who was
head his head down giving a moment of
silence I don't know what he was doing
but yes this turned out to be a pure-dee
beating by us 42 to 14 you see Cutler
was 11 of 15 no touchdown passes but
handy had a touchdown when he threw
three picks look at the Russian Forte
114 yards on ground three touchdowns
Maurice jones-drew had a touchdown 63
yards he also had 63 yards receiving so
he was doing his thing but he didn't do
enough bad for taking not be taken down
this week as he led the bears to win
over the jaguars you doggone with Skippy
Matt Forte she I mean he had a he had a
day that'll do it for us this time man
y'all tune in for the next episode like
hollow piece